# What’s new for Windows 10 IoT Core 

_May 2017_

## The Creators Update
___

We have made huge improvements in Windows 10 IoT Core as part of the Creators Update, including improved developer tools, additional APIs, new code samples, and more. Download the newest [Windows 10 IoT Core Dashboard](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=708576) and see for yourself!

## New Hardware 
___

* Verified support for Windows 10 IoT Core on Intel Joule, Intel Pentium N4200, Intel Celeron N3350, and upcoming Atom x5-E39xx processors (formerly Apollo Lake).
* Verified support for Raspberry Pi 3 SOMs. 

## New major features
___ 
* [Project "Rome"](http://aka.ms/projectrome) Support for Project Rome which enables communication with an app service on a remote device.
* [Cortana on Windows IoT Core](../docs/CortanaOnIoTCore) - Cortana is now available on Windows 10 IoT Core. Ask Cortana a question.
* [Azure Device Management Support](../Docs/AzureDM) - Device Management of Azure IoT hub using Windows 10 IoT Core. 
* [Adafruit class library for Windows IoT Core](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-class-library-for-windows-iot-core) - Adafruit Class Library is a special [library package](https://github.com/adafruit/AdafruitClassLibrary) containing Windows IoT Core driver software for a variety of Adafruit products.
* [IoT and AI Insider Lab](../Docs/InsiderLab) - Leverage Microsoft's IoT and AI Insider Lab to accelerate bringing your IoT products to market.
* New UWP APIs And Controls for Vibration, Brightness, Modern Connected Standby, Power Management, Battery Charge  and NFC (w/o HCE). 
* New busses and capabilities for ARM PCIe, USB Function Mode, Wi-Fi Direct and  GPIO Interrupt counting API. 
* New Embedded features on Reset/Recovery, On-SOC PWM and Automatic USB provisioning 
* A variety of new update policies have been added to Windows 10 IoT Core. 

## Getting started
___ 
*  Intel Compute Stick now added to the [getting started]({{site.baseurl}}/{{page.lang}}/GetStarted) flow  

## Improved Developer Tools
___ 
* Updated [Windows Device Portal](../docs/deviceportal) - Improved windows device portal 
* [IoT Dashboard](../docs/iotdashboard)- New features and stability fixes  
